Proposal #340
============= 
* Author: dracoling
* Entered: 2013-03-06
* Status: voting
* Vote closes: 2013-03-14 0:00:00

__Proposal:__
{

This proposal creates a new rule with the following text:

    The Speaker may propose a 'Slush Fund' action at any time e would be 
    able to submit a legal proposal. Once announced, all players have 48 
    hours to attempt to "Abort" this action before it occurs. If a simple 
    majority of active players choose to abort the action it does not 
    occur and my not be proposed again until after the prescribed voting 
    period for a proposal has elapsed at least once.
    
    When the Slush Fund action occurs, each player's points are divided 
    by 2. One half is kept by the player, the other half is added to the 
    Slush Fund. This Slush Fund is then divided by the number of active 
    players and each is awarded an equal share of the points in the 
    Slush Fund.

}

__Speaker's Comment:__
{

    Most interesting things: I found out that I'm actually routing 
    something like every 23rd packet between two particular servers on my 
    network in a complete circle. They're very confused by this. Second
    thing is: I CAN MAKE REAL PROPOSALS!
    
    Why this proposal will enhance the game:
    RANDOMNESS! Plus it keeps scores closer to a mean value. No huge 
    losers and, keeps things challenging for the high-scorers. 
    
    Here's an example:
    
    Before:
    Colin: -54
    James: 20
    dracoling: 0
    Renning: 94
    
    SLUSH FUND!
    
    After:    
    Colin: -27 + 7.5 = -19.5
    James: 10 + 7.5 = 17.5
    dracoling: 0 + 7.5 = 7.5
    Renning: 47 + 7.5 = 54.5
    
    ~ Speaker dracoling

}