Proposal #345
============= 
* Author: Will
* Entered: 2013-03-15
* Status: failed
* Vote closed: 2013-03-22 0:00:00

__Proposal:__
{

This proposal creates a new rule with the following text:

    Any active user may submit a picture of themselves. This picture
    must be posted publicly to the nomic mailing list, and depending
    on the contents of the picture will score themselves a certain
    amount of points.
    
    No user may post more than one such picture a week. The speaker
    must confirm publicly the picture is valid and announce the
    points scored. If the speaker decides the image is invalid, the
    user may submit another picture. This process may repeat until a
    picture is accepted. If the speaker is unsure if a picture is
    valid, he or she may raise a call to judgement. If the result is
    still undecided, it is assumed the picture is invalid.
    
     Any submitted picture must be recent and should include a sign
    displaying the date and the users player name.
    
    The same image may not be submitted twice.
    
    Image manipulation is not allowed.
    
    What follows is a list of scores for different images:
    
    * 1 point - the user wearing a tie. 
    * 2 points - the user wearing a hat. 
    * 3 points - the user wearing a bow-tie. 
    * 5 points - the user wearing a suit. 
    * 10 points - the user wearing a tuxedo or formal dress. 
    * 20 points - the user wearing a spiderman costume.

}

__Proposer's Comment:__
{

    To clear up some confusion, you receive points for the score
    condition that has the most points. I.e, if you are wearing a tux
    as part of this you have a bow-tie, you score 10 points.

}
