Proposal #303
=============
* Author: Colin
* Entered: 2013-01-26 02:08:54
* Status: withdrawn
* Withdrawn: 2013-01-26 14:32:54

{

This proposal uses the following definitions:
    
    disagreeing party - any voter, speaker or group which disagrees with another such party about the legality of a move or the interpretation or application of a rule.
    legal Judge candidate - any voter or speaker who is not a member of a disagreeing party in the disagreement being judged.

This proposal amends rule 214. Strike its text and replace it with the following:
    
    If judgement was invoked by a Voter, then the first Judge to be selected to judge that statement shall be the Speaker. If judgement was invoked by the Speaker, the first Judge to be selected shall be a randomly selected legal Judge candidate.
    
    In all cases, if a Judge beyond the first must be selected to judge a statement, it shall be a randomly selected legal Judge candidate. The legal Judge candidate thus selected may not be the player most recently selected as Judge for that statement.

This proposal also amends rule 216. Append the following text to it:
    
    If a Judge returns the verdict UNDECIDED and at least one legal Judge candidate has not yet acted as Judge in this disagreement, then a new Judge shall be selected as though a verdict had not been returned, and shall return a verdict as required by all relevant rules[1].
    
    [1] The relevant rules are currently: 213, 214, 215, 216

}

Notes:

    This proposal was withdrawn by Judgement #001
